Deprecation policy (#85)
terraform-ibm-modules/documentation: docs/deprecation.md

# Deprecation policy

A module may become deprecated for a number of reasons. For example there might be a replacement module to migrate to, or perhaps one of the IBM Cloud services that the module provisions is end of life. Below lists the different phases of the deprecation process:

## Initial deprecation (90 days)
A new patch version of the module will be released with the following:
- A deprecation banner at the top of `README.md` file which includes an end of support date. That date will be 90 days after the patch version is released. This banner will also include more details about why the module is deprecated and may link to alternative modules or migration guides.
- A warning added to the terraform log output with deprecation details.

The module is still maintained and supported while in this deprecation phase, however new enhancements will not be accepted into the module.

## End of support - module archived

> After the 90 day deprecation period, the module will be archived and no longer maintained. Previous versions of the module will still remain consumable, but there will no longer be any support or further updates to the module as the repository itself will be archived, making it read-only.

Reviewer: Just rephrased the text and some formatting changes:

```suggestion
# Deprecation Policy

A module may be deprecated for several reasons. For example, there might be a newer module available for migration, or one of the IBM Cloud services that the module provisions might have reached its end of life. The following sections describe the phases of the deprecation process:

## Initial Deprecation (90 Days)
A new patch version of the module will be released with the following updates:

- A **deprecation banner** added to the top of the `README.md` file, including the end-of-support date (90 days after the patch release). The banner will also provide details on why the module is deprecated and may include links to alternative modules or migration guides.
- A **warning message** added to the Terraform log output with deprecation details.

During this phase, the module remains maintained and supported; however, no new enhancements will be accepted.

## End of Support – Module Archived

After the 90-day deprecation period, the module will be archived and no longer maintained. Previous versions will remain available for consumption, but there will be no further support or updates. The repository will be archived in a read-only state.
```

Author: I'll hold off adding this as we might be looking into a more official support model via IBM Cloud
